{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This project contains a simple login page that needs to be unit tested\
\
Please add unit tests to the LoginViewControllerTest.m file in order to test the LoginViewController.m class.\
\
Currently the login screen will validate the username and password fields and will only continue with login if the username field contains "RIIS" and the password field contains "letmein". You should write test cases to ensure that the correct error message is displayed if these fields do not contain the valid login credentials.\
\
Once the LoginViewController has validated that the fields contain the correct credentials, it delegates login functionality to the LoginModel. This model object currently provides random results. It will either throw a network exception, or accept the login credentials and return a value to the LoginViewController indicating it should proceed to the Welcome screen. \
\
You should mock the LoginModel to remove this indeterministic behavior, and write two separate test cases. The first should check that the LoginViewController correctly displays an alert panel in the case of a network error. The second should test that the LoginViewController will correctly call the performSegue method to transition to the Welcome screen.\
To help with these tests, the project has been pre-configured to work with OCMock. You are expected to Mock any classes and objects necessary to isolate the code in LoginViewController being tested.\
\
This coding test should not take more than an hour to complete. please include an estimate of the time spent writing the test cases in a comment at the top of your modified LoginViewControllerTest.m file\
\
To submit, please add your running unit tests to the LoginViewControllerTest file, then return only this file via e-mail to tjames@riis.com\
\
NOTE: You are not expected to change any code other than adding test methods to the LoginViewControllerTest.m file.\
  }